{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18 \cf0 Since 1986, we have seen 32, then 45, then 107, then 10\'9611. 1+2\uc0\u8722 3\'d74\'f75<6>7=8\'aa 9\'ba \'96 Do \'9byou\'8b agree? \'97 Do I \'abhave\'bb to? It\'92s [over] thirty\'85two (but not more) until \{someone\} says\'85 Either/Or \'b6 This & That Best|Worst\'99  \'86Notes \'87Other notes\'ae \'95 Points \'b7 Other point Almost* 5\u8242 11\u8243 , \'a9
\f1 \uc0\u9413 
\f0 2015 infotainment@commerce.com \'a1Divertido! \'bfConfundado? infotainment@commerce.com \'a1Divertido! \'bfConfundado? \'96 Do \'9byou\'8b agree? \'97 Do I \'abhave\'bb to? It\'92s [over] thirty\'85two (but not more) until \{someone\} says\'85 Either/Or Refine influence tiff difficult affluence halfhearted Kafka unfjorded puffball $133.80 \'80249.00 \'a3675.00 59\'a2 \'836190 \'a510,000 \'93Quoted\'94 \'94Svenska\'94 \'84Deutsch\'93 \'abFran\'e7ais\'bb That\'92s nice.\
\
American farmers will produce 14.2 billion bushels of corn and 4.38 billion bushels of soybeans, the top two U.S. crops in value, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in two reports. While major growing states such as Iowa and Illinois may see smaller harvests because of weather damage, less-prominent corn-producers, from Pennsylvania to Mississippi, may have record yields. Harvest estimates for both commodities were higher than any forecast made in a Bloomberg survey of analysts, after the ninth-hottest July since 1895 seared crops across the U.S. Corn Belt. Spring-wheat and cotton harvests may also top expectations, the USDA said. \'93A big bearish surprise from the USDA,\'94 Bloomberg Intelligence commodities strategist Mike McGlone said. \'93Virtually all estimates for yields, production and ending stocks were better than expected.\'94 \
\
Corn for December delivery in Chicago fell as much as 2.7 percent to $3.7575 a bushel in Chicago after the USDA published the data, erasing earlier gains. Soybeans for November fell as much as 2.8 percent to \'a39.4575 while wheat were down as much as 2.8 percent to \'a54.73. Shares of Deere & Co., the world\'92s largest manufacturer of agricultural machinery, fell as much as 2.8 percent. The government\'92s forecast for U.S. and global crop inventories in 2018 exceeded projections. Russian wheat production is estimated at a record 77.5 million tons, up from 72.5 million last year. Ukraine and Kazakhstan estimates were also raised to levels near last year\'92s production. American farmers will produce 14.2 billion bushels of corn and 4.38 billion bushels of soybeans, the top two U.S. crops in value, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in two reports. While major growing states such as Iowa and Illinois may see smaller harvests because of weather damage, less-prominent corn-producers, from Pennsylvania to Mississippi, may have record yields. \
\
Harvest estimates for both commodities were higher than any forecast made in a Bloomberg survey of analysts, after the ninth-hottest July since 1895 seared crops across the U.S. Corn Belt. Spring-wheat and cotton harvests may also top expectations, the USDA said. \'93A big bearish surprise from the USDA,\'94 Bloomberg Intelligence commodities strategist Mike McGlone said. \'93Virtually all estimates for yields, production and ending stocks were better than expected.\'94 Corn for December delivery in Chicago fell as much as 2.7 percent to 3.7575 a bushel in Chicago after the USDA published the data, erasing earlier gains. Soybeans for November fell as much as 2.8 percent to \'809.4575 while wheat were down as much as 2.8 percent to \uc0\u8363 4.73. Shares of Deere & Co., the world\'92s largest manufacturer of agricultural machinery, fell as much as 2.8 percent. The government\'92s forecast for U.S. and global crop inventories in 2018 exceeded projections. Russian wheat production is estimated at a record 77.5 million tons, up from 72.5 million last year. \
\
Ukraine and Kazakhstan estimates were also raised to levels near last year\'92s production. American farmers will produce \uc0\u8356 14.2 billion of corn and \u8359 4.38 billion bushels of soybeans, the top two U.S. crops in value, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in two reports. While major growing states such as Iowa and Illinois may see smaller harvests because of weather damage, less-prominent corn-producers, from Pennsylvania to Mississippi, may have record yields. Harvest estimates for both commodities were higher than any forecast made in a Bloomberg survey of analysts, after the ninth-hottest July since 1895 seared crops across the U.S. Corn Belt. Spring-wheat and cotton harvests may also top expectations, the USDA said. \'93A big bearish surprise from the USDA,\'94 Bloomberg Intelligence commodities strategist Mike McGlone said. \
\
\'93Virtually all estimates for yields, production and ending stocks were better than expected.\'94 Corn for December delivery in Chicago fell as much as 2.7 percent to \uc0\u8359 3.7575 a bushel in Chicago after the USDA published the data, erasing earlier gains. Soybeans for November fell as much as 2.8 percent to \u8361 9.4575 while wheat were down as much as 2.8 percent to \u8365 4.73. Shares of Deere & Co., the world\'92s largest manufacturer of agricultural machinery, fell as much as 2.8 percent. The government\'92s forecast for U.S. and global crop inventories in 2018 exceeded projections. Russian wheat production is estimated at a record \u8369 77.5 million, up from 72.5 million last year. Ukraine and Kazakhstan estimates were also raised to levels near last year\'92s production. American farmers will produce \u8370 14.2 billion of corn and 4.38 billion bushels of soybeans, the top two U.S. crops in value, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in two reports. While major growing states such as Iowa and Illinois may see smaller harvests because of weather damage, less-prominent corn-producers, from Pennsylvania to Mississippi, may have record yields. Harvest estimates for both commodities were higher than any forecast made in a Bloomberg survey of analysts, after the ninth-hottest July since 1895 seared crops across the U.S. Corn Belt. Spring-wheat and cotton harvests may also top expectations, the USDA said. \'93A big bearish surprise from the USDA,\'94 Bloomberg Intelligence commodities strategist Mike McGlone said. \
\
\'93Virtually all estimates for yields, production and ending stocks were better than expected.\'94 Corn for December delivery in Chicago fell as much as 2.7 percent to \uc0\u8372 3.7575 a bushel in Chicago after the USDA published the data, erasing earlier gains. Soybeans for November fell as much as 2.8 percent to \u8376 9.4575 while wheat were down as much as 2.8 percent to \u8373 4.73. Shares of Deere & Co., the world\'92s largest manufacturer of agricultural machinery, fell as much as 2.8 percent. The government\'92s forecast for U.S. and global crop inventories in 2018 exceeded projections. Russian wheat production is estimated at a record 
\f2 \uc0\u8380 
\f0 77.5 million, up from 
\f2 \uc0\u8381 
\f0 72.5 million last year. Ukraine and Kazakhstan estimates were also raised to levels near last year\'92s production. American farmers will produce \uc0\u8353 14.2 billion and 4.38 billion of soybeans, the top two U.S. crops in value, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in two reports. While major growing states such as Iowa and Illinois may see smaller harvests because of weather damage, less-prominent corn-producers, from Pennsylvania to Mississippi, may have record yields. Harvest estimates for both commodities were higher than any forecast made in a Bloomberg survey of analysts, after the ninth-hottest July since 1895 seared crops across the U.S. Corn Belt. Spring-wheat and cotton harvests may also top expectations, the USDA said. \'93A big bearish surprise from the USDA,\'94 Bloomberg Intelligence commodities strategist Mike McGlone said. \'93Virtually all estimates for yields, production and ending stocks were better than expected.\'94 Corn for December delivery in Chicago fell as much as 2.7 percent to $3.7575 a bushel in Chicago after the USDA published the data, erasing earlier gains. Soybeans for November fell as much as 2.8 percent to \'a39.4575 while wheat were down as much as 2.8 percent to \'a54.73. Shares of Deere & Co., the world\'92s largest manufacturer of agricultural machinery, fell as much as 2.8 percent. The government\'92s forecast for U.S. and global crop inventories in 2018 exceeded projections. Russian wheat production is estimated at a record 77.5 million tons, up from 72.5 million last year. Ukraine and Kazakhstan estimates were also raised to levels near last year\'92s production. American farmers will produce 14.2 billion bushels of corn and 4.38 billion bushels of soybeans, the top two U.S. crops in value, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in two reports. While major growing states such as Iowa and Illinois may see smaller harvests because of weather damage, less-prominent corn-producers, from Pennsylvania to Mississippi, may have record yields. Harvest estimates for both commodities were higher than any forecast made in a Bloomberg survey of analysts, after the ninth-hottest July since 1895 seared crops across the U.S. Corn Belt. Spring-wheat and cotton harvests may also top expectations, the USDA said. \'93A big bearish surprise from the USDA,\'94 Bloomberg Intelligence commodities strategist Mike McGlone said. \'93Virtually all estimates for yields, production and ending stocks were better than expected.\'94 Corn for December delivery in Chicago fell as much as 2.7 percent to \u8377 3.7575 a bushel in Chicago after the USDA published the data, erasing earlier gains. Soybeans for November fell as much as 2.8 percent to \'809.4575 while wheat were down as much as 2.8 percent to \u8363 4.73. Shares of Deere & Co., the world\'92s largest manufacturer of agricultural machinery, fell as much as 2.8 percent. The government\'92s forecast for U.S. and global crop inventories in 2018 exceeded projections. Russian wheat production is estimated at a record 77.5 million tons, up from 72.5 million last year. Ukraine and Kazakhstan estimates were also raised to levels near last year\'92s production. American farmers will produce 14.2 billion bushels of corn and 4.38 billion bushels of soybeans, the top two U.S. crops in value, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in two reports. While major growing states such as Iowa and Illinois may see smaller harvests because of weather damage, less-prominent corn-producers, from Pennsylvania to Mississippi, may have record yields. Harvest estimates for both commodities were higher than any forecast made in a Bloomberg survey of analysts, after the ninth-hottest July since 1895 seared crops across the U.S. Corn Belt. Spring-wheat and cotton harvests may also top expectations, the USDA said. \'93A big bearish surprise from the USDA,\'94 Bloomberg Intelligence commodities strategist Mike McGlone said. \'93Virtually all estimates for yields, production and ending stocks were better than expected.\'94 Corn for December delivery in Chicago fell as much as 2.7 percent to $3.7575 a bushel in Chicago after the USDA published the data, erasing earlier gains. Soybeans for November fell as much as 2.8 percent to $9.4575 while wheat were down as much as 2.8 percent to $4.73. Shares of Deere & Co., the world\'92s largest manufacturer of agricultural machinery, fell as much as 2.8 percent. The government\'92s forecast for U.S. and global crop inventories in 2018 exceeded projections. Russian wheat production is estimated at a record 77.5 million tons, up from 72.5 million last year. Ukraine and Kazakhstan estimates were also raised to levels near last year\'92s production. American farmers will produce 14.2 billion bushels of corn and 4.38 billion bushels of soybeans, the top two U.S. crops in value, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in two reports. While major growing states such as Iowa and Illinois may see smaller harvests because of weather damage, less-prominent corn-producers, from Pennsylvania to Mississippi, may have record yields. Harvest estimates for both commodities were higher than any forecast made in a Bloomberg survey of analysts, after the ninth-hottest July since 1895 seared crops across the U.S. Corn Belt. Spring-wheat and cotton harvests may also top expectations, the USDA said. \'93A big bearish surprise from the USDA,\'94 Bloomberg Intelligence commodities strategist Mike McGlone said. \'93Virtually all estimates for yields, production and ending stocks were better than expected.\'94 Corn for December delivery in Chicago fell as much as 2.7 percent to $3.7575 a bushel in Chicago after the USDA published the data, erasing earlier gains. Soybeans for November fell as much as 2.8 percent to $9.4575 while wheat were down as much as 2.8 percent to $4.73. Shares of Deere & Co., the world\'92s largest manufacturer of agricultural machinery, fell as much as 2.8 percent. The government\'92s forecast for U.S. and global crop inventories in 2018 exceeded projections. Russian wheat production is estimated at a record 77.5 million tons, up from 72.5 million last year. Ukraine and Kazakhstan estimates were also raised to levels near last year\'92s production.}